(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Chord. And we don't have a ton of items to get to. And I might be able to do one that might be fun, if we have a little bit of time.

So corporate events, they, I think I saw a little, I put this in Slack and I saw a little bit of kind of noise around it, which was good. You know, the nutshell here is as we've kind of restructured and tried different things, the event support that we need isn't as nailed down as it needs to be. So the current tactic that we're going with is go-to-market team signs up and kind of sponsors that event. 

So you support as a PMM, your campaign manager does the campaigns for that event, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. I don't see anyone in the, maybe there are comments in the issue. I don't see the header updated yet.

I thought we had in Slack sort of farmed each one of them out. That's, so I guess the next, so it looks like Ty put in some folks, it looks like this looks good. So the, let's see, need support from GTM teams. 

So I guess the ask would be to work with your GTM team. So, let me ask, I saw some Slack, I think in our Slack, but did you all, were you all able to connect with like your GTM teams? On Slack only and on the issue actually. Yeah, same. 

Not in real time, but you know, source feedback. I got one person to respond so far. So it may end up Cindy being you and I just picking the one that we want to do and then they can back us up if we don't get any more feedback. 

Yeah. Do y'all, does anybody have like a regular sync still? Are those all been canceled or is there? Yeah, we're on like the two week cadence. GitOps has been canceled after the enablement.

Cool. So I'm just trying to catch up with the thread. So it looks like maybe a platform on re-invent CICD on Google next and GitOps on KubeCon. 

Does that sound right? Yeah. Yep. That's where we were last I heard.

Cool. So then I think, I think we can, we can help the corporate events team. They do, they do a lot of like cat herding and, you know, keep on tracking people down. 

So I think if, if this team can take the mission to like try to help track that down. So if you, you know, get the commitment specifically from your campaign managers, Hey, like we're, we're signing up for KubeCon, you know, can you comment on the issue that, yes, I can commit to this, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. You know? So that just so that they can get that, that event support, but that looks good. 

And I appreciate, thanks for the link to Samia on the roles. Product announcements. So I appreciate Brian for adding this. 

I, I probably should have added it, but. I had two questions about that one. One is over what timeframe are we looking at? So so in theory, this is, this could be the same as the GitLab 14 launch where we're saying basically since 13.0, what has, you know, what kind of big improvements have we made? Candidly, this is always a little bit tough and I'm, and I'm, I am not totally sure of all of the kind of the interplay here, but I think, I think this is kind of the general gist of this assignment is, okay, we have commit coming up. 

We have some amount of, like we have a stage, you know, a metaphorical stage to say something to the world and we'll get some amount of press attention because we're having an event, right? What kind of announcements do we make? At GitLab, it's really, really tough to make product announcements because our entire roadmap is completely public, yada, yada, yada. So the thought here is to, but also because our entire roadmap is completely public and because we ship these tiny little MVCs, a new feature will come out, but it'll be not really usable, right? So it takes a while. So if you look back over the past year and say, okay, like what started in the last year, but now is really like a full-fledged feature, what would, what would be coming out of beta, right? Like if we were any other company, when we started a beta program in this last year, what would we be announcing as GA at commit? That's kind of, that's kind of my thought on it.

I see a couple of head nods. What do you think, Sydney? Yeah, I think I was inclined to group some things to say like vulnerability management, because there were tiny little MVCs all the way along. But if you look at over the course of the year, we went from this to this, it makes more sense to me to highlight that than in any individual little thing. 

And then the other point was we just had 14.0. Can we just, can we reuse some of those things and plug them in here? Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. 

And vulnerability management was, was one of the, you know, the features out of, we looked at 14.0. So I think, yeah, this is like, let's take the stuff from 14.0 and then maybe add a few more so that we can hit kind of different areas of press or give, give our PR team, this is kind of like input into our PR team to give them fodder to go out with. And are we trying to hit three per stage? Yeah, ideally there's just, you know, three, you know, three items per stage. And then I think y'all made some good notes that, okay, we need to add manage. 

So I see managing here. That's excellent. And integrations, we don't, well, actually we have some pretty exciting integration.

So we have, The JIRA stuff is pretty good. There's a couple of things in integrations with VS code that could be notable, but I, can I show what I did for SCM just to get some general feedback on it? And if someone hasn't done it, maybe that'll also kick. I was going Cindy's direction here, which was thinking, you know, a lot of, and then I called them key iterations, the sort of specific things. 

So I listed a few specific things like three or four per each as key iterations, but I called them something overall. So we would have like one thing to call them. There's several key iterations aligned with a Gitly cluster, several that roll up to a research-based user experience. 

And I was thinking like, I was shy on calling out UX as a bucket, except that actually that's super typical, right? Like Windows 11 or anybody who's rolling stuff out, they almost always have UX as one of their three things. And then they mentioned a laundry list of stuff that aligns to that. So I, you know, forgave myself for doing something that at first I was kind of like shy about calling out UX and bucketing some things there. 

But actually when I looked around, that's pretty much how everybody does a big launch. And in terms of the excitement level, that also like, I went in thinking this is just a two. I guess part of it is like, I feel like we're almost fixing something that's broken and that's not something you want to shout from the rooftops about, but actually some of that stuff's really cool. 

So I gave it a three. Excitement level, I wasn't sure exactly where to place things, but I figured I wouldn't, like to Cindy's comment, have something that's a one here anyway. But I, the only way I could make sense of like the iterations was to bucket them as something. 

And so that's kind of how I came down on it. I don't know what everyone thinks about that. I've done a similar, I've taken a similar approach for monitor with incident management. 

There were a bunch of things that we released. Although the core of incident management was part of 12.x, I think. So I did the same over there as well. 

Yeah. I think that makes sense. Yeah. 

And that, that would help me with the plan stuff as well, because there are some things like Epic boards that people have been asking for for years now and they finally have, and that's great. But I think, like the milestone burn up charts, that was a two and that's helpful. And I was looking through features and actual monthly features that were released in a given month. 

I mean, that was one of the more important ones, but it's not very exciting, but we can bundle that with some other things and up-level it. So that would be helpful there. And also, Brian, about the VS code thing. 

One other cool thing about that is both of those VS code integrations that hit the same month were community contributions, which is also kind of cool. Is that, do we have VS code listed on here? I didn't add it, but I can add that in. I've got good notes on that. 

The extension that had been around for a while became official, was kind of one of the things, but there's some other stuff that's a little juicier than that. And that, I think that's a pretty good note as well. We did that with like our Terraform module, right? There was like a community module, but now it's officially supported. 

So that's the, you know, that can be the line, yes or no, whether you can use the thing for a lot of businesses. So I think that's a good one too. How are we measuring excitement levels? One, two, and three is there? I was looking at maybe MAU as a metric to perhaps measure whether customers have started using that, are interested in using that or not. 

We probably may not have it for everything, but at least some of it, wherever we have it, it's probably something we can use. But we, of course, we need a benchmark level of what MAU we want to call one, two, or three. I think it's a little bit of a judgment call. 

Like, you know, for example, Cormac was saying like Epic boards is something that was asked for for a long time. Now, depending on how it's asked for, maybe that means it's exciting or it's not, right? But usually when something gets a lot of upvotes or when there's a lot of demand for it, then I would bump the excitement level on something like that. Certainly if something shifted, a lot of people are using it, the MAU, that's another good measure. 

I don't know that any one of those needs to kind of be exclusive. I think it's a bit of an individual judgment call and just like, what is your feeling based on, you know, could be anecdotal, like you talk to customers and they're like really hyper excited about this or, you know, maybe not, which is okay. I think it's okay.

Harsh responded to my comment about why we have the low excitement ones and just said something about having them sort of stack ranked. Yeah, I might even constrain it, since we're not going to highlight low excitements, but we want to see the full spectrum, especially in the case we have slim pickings. Alternatively, if there are double digit entries, then we can stack rank. 

So that's kind of also helpful there. So if we have three for all of these, that, I mean, it looks like we're going to get there and that's going to be quite a lot of features. So I might constrain it like this. 

Maybe you can only give out one, one, two, or three and treat it as a stack rank rather than just like a raw excitement level that doesn't necessarily. Somebody's one or somebody's three may be more important than somebody else's one. And I had, I started by just looking at what was considered a key feature over the past year from, from Create. 

And, you know, there are at least a dozen things that I'm not mentioning that could be on the list. Like I could give you 10 things instead of three. Give it, give this just like the rough like pass. 

And like a lot of things recently, I've been moving between docs and spreadsheet and the spreadsheet to docs. This, you know, this might, this might end up or some iteration of this might end up in a spreadsheet where we then try to stack rank and PR is like, okay, out of all of like the, you know, there's maybe 10 boxes here in three, each out of the 30 items, which are the top five. Actually, let's just, let's actually just do that. 

Let's just do this like top, top five overall. This one is a PR driven to some degree. What about like a Noop and Christie's product keynote at commit? Are we dovetailing this with that? So this is exactly where this is headed to is the idea that during the product keynote, and then ideally during kids' keynote as well, that there's some level of like an announcement that we make that then the press cares about that announcement. 

Again, really tough to do at GitLab because it's all been around for a while. So this is, this is our attempt to head to that area is to say like, these are the announcements of the event. And yeah, maybe it's some things that have been around for a while, but like now they're at a level of maturity.

Now, you know, there's, there's reason to be excited about this. So that's kind of where it's coming from. So I put a top five overall, maybe we can just, you know, you should reserve a spot for plan, but I'm going to have to go through and do some aggregating after this, just go through the list of what's shipped in the last 12 months and re-bucket that.

So maybe we can do like a five minutes, kind of like just, just time box and kind of look at these here. What do, what do you all think is a top would be a top five out of the list of, you know, 20 or 30. I would say if UX does end up being a flag that we fly, that's an easy one because there's more than just maps to the create stage that would be considered UX improvement. 

Okay. What else? We need to have a security one in there. We could have either vulnerability management or I was, what I've been struggling with a little bit is I'd like to kind of group the some of this proprietary scanning without making it sound like they're scanning improvements because that sounds like they weren't good before.

Yeah. Let's, let's go with vulnerability management for now. I would agree on that one.

And I would say that some of these, we did do some press around and the fuzzing acquisitions was one thing. So we might not get that old. I, I was, I mean, we did the fuzzing acquisitions a long time ago. 

Was it within the past year or longer? I thought it was within the past year. I think it was in the last six, little over six months or so. It was last summer, right? It was like last spring or summer. 

And then we did another set of press around the integration of it because the PR team liked all the, I mean, we got a lot of attention on the acquisition. So they had me do a follow-up on the integration. I just feel like it's kind of worn out now. 

Right. That's what I was saying is that the fuzzing we already did press on through probably we'll not get another chomp at that. So I think let's go with vulnerability management. 

But we also have, in terms of proprietary stuff, we've also got, we replaced one of our scanners with Semgrip and we did, we have our own proprietary DAST scanner now that's in, it's in beta called Browserker. So it's our answer to scanning single page applications, which represent a unique challenge. I think, I mean, if I could have two, it would be vulnerability management and Browserker probably. 

Okay. Semgrip did get picked up as a online item in a couple of the pieces about GitLab 14. Which between the proprietary shifts of the vulnerability management, which would you pick as the number one out of those two? Probably vulnerability management. 

Okay. I'm just kind of scanning the list. I would probably say like Kubernetes agent is something that we've made a lot of investment in.

Although. I think the Kubernetes agent and from an integration point of view, perhaps the Terraform integration. I think we have a lot of customers actually using that already.

So I'm going to, I'm just going to call this GitOps and I'm going to put like KDs agent plus she corp integrations. It's like a bucket of capabilities that is probably worth talking about. Ah, cool. 

Well, let's, you know, let's try to this is due Tuesday. I think we want to try to get this done. So maybe just review this kind of like, let's just kind of pick top five, maybe something from plan and something from CICD.

A plan editor is definitely an option for CICD. Yeah, there might be a, no, sorry. There might be a value stream analytics story in there too.

If we aggregate it all, it's, it's a bummer that customizable value stream analytics is 12.9. But yeah, there might be cool. I'm just going to, I'm going to ping you on this core Mac to add, add a top five plan. Cool. 

I think that's a pretty heavy, pretty heavy list. Just looking at it, you know, it's pretty cool. Yeah.

Yeah. And this is something we don't do, which I agree. Like we don't, we don't often stop as a company and just kind of look at our wins.

Nope. I was really, I don't, did y'all, did anybody miss, what do we call it? Assembly, the assembly. If you missed it, I recommend it. 

I laugh because like what assembly reminds me of is like, when I was in like a young child in grade school, they'd have this big stack of like carpet. They're like, you go into the gym and you pull off a square of carpet and all the children would sit on a square of carpet. And that was like, you'd have an assembly. 

Yeah. So that's what I remember. To put everyone in the gym or like convert the half cafeteria gym, you know, take away the big barrier between it so that we can have more room and then take those carpets that have never been cleaned and just, you know, sit on them and it'll be, it'll be great. 

Aside from the goofy name, I thought that, and of course we can't talk about any of it on YouTube, but man, that was like a really awesome look back at like, here's some wins and here's some exciting things that we've done. And so I think we just need to get better at this as a company. I think this exercise is an opportunity that, I think we do a little bit of that, but this is doing it more. 

So Samia, you have some questions here for Alita? Yes. So in the competitive sheet, I was, I mean, I've already identified the features for CD, configure as well as monitor, getting it reviewed from PM. My guess was, or my understanding was that we wouldn't have the same set of competitors that we're going to compare to, but the right competitors for that particular stage, right? So for example, for monitor, we may not have like a GitHub or something like that. 

We would have monitor-based competitors, or was that the understanding? Because we identified that entire list of competitors and partners for every single stage. I thought we were going to be using those competitors to compare against. So I just wanted your input on what, because I saw some of you have compared with the five competitors already listed over there.

They may not be relevant. For example, cloud beats may not be relevant for monitor stage at all. So that's what I wanted to check with you. 

Yeah, that's the case. I need to go back and look at the spreadsheet. I mean, if the competitor does not apply to that particular stage, they shouldn't be on that tab in the spreadsheet. 

So are you saying that you see competitors on that tab for a stage where they don't apply? Yeah. I think it was copy pasted. So each sheet has ADO, Atlassian, GitHub, Jenkins, JFrog, and CloudBeats, right? So that may not be relevant for monitor. 

For configure, it would be a different set of competitors that we need to include, which I think we already identified a while back, I think we identified top three competitors for every stage. Yeah, that's when we tiered them, right? Tier one, tier two, tier three. So this, where we are right now is we're looking at just tier one competitors. 

That's probably why I cut and paste them because those are all tier ones. So we're just focusing on tier one right now. So if they don't apply to that stage, don't worry about it. 

Make sense? So just pick the ones out of that list that apply to our stage. Right. So we'll just use the tier one competitors and if they're not, if they don't, are not applicable, then we don't have to fill out anything for that.

Yet for now, but then we'll move to tier two and tier three, then we'll look at those. Do we need to add a line item for GitLab as well? Because I think that's missing over here. Yeah, we should add a, I think you asked me that before, right? Or someone asked me.

I'm just looking at it. Brian asked. Yeah, we did. 

Because the way without it, you're basically putting all the things that we're better at. Yeah, for sure. For sure. 

Yeah. Right. So ideally when we pick like the 10 to 15 features, some of those were like GitLab only, some of those were like GitLab didn't have.

Well, I thought it was supposed to be none of them should be GitLab only, right? It should be all through the lens of. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. 

Yeah. It should be like market lens. So in an ideal world, most of them are like, this is what I'm shopping for this solution. 

Some of them might be GitLab only. Some of them might be like competitor only. So that is a, somebody would look at it and be like, this looks honest and trustworthy and like an accurate assessment of the market.

Fair. Yeah. And then, yeah, I think Samia for this, just to kind of reiterate for this one, we're only doing these five competitors. 

So we'll do the other ones in a later stage. And then for, if the vendor builds like builds themselves as a platform, then we should specifically call out that they have zero. So GitHub builds itself as a platform.

It sells itself that way. Same with Azure DevOps, same with JFrog. Well, they all do for tier one except Jenkins and CloudBees.

Yeah. Jenkins, CloudBees does not. But what is it? Azure DevOps, GitHub, Atlassian.

And although Atlassian, we still need to figure something out there. As a matter of fact, did I go back and add Atlassian? Because based on conversation, I think we have to do it. I don't think we can leave them off.

I have to look at this spreadsheet. Yeah, it is. Atlassian is on that sheet.

Okay. Yeah. I went back and added them because based on discussion, my, I wanted to take them off completely and just leave them as a partner, but we can't do that.

So yeah. So for those platform, we should call out the fact that they don't have any monitoring. If they have like zero out of 15, we should call that out. 

Same with configure stuff or any of those kinds of capabilities. And B, I think if we took that a step further, it'd be good to even describe it in a way that doesn't just say our product stage and use like a value-based description of what monitor and configure mean, because otherwise we're just, no, that's not going to do any good for us. Have you guys seen the new infographic that the design team has come up with? Not yet. 

Oh, you haven't? No. Do we have a link to that quickly, William? I don't know. Or you can throw it in the notes if you find it.

All right. Let's see who can find it faster. I can guarantee it's not with the amount of tabs I have open.

Oh my God. That's why I'm like, it probably won't be me. So this is why I send everything to a Google Gmail because the search is so fast. 

So I literally have a folder where all of my GitLab pings go, and I can just search for infographic. Oh, I found it. I found it. 

I found it. Who could look at first? I found it. I found it.

So this is the one, so there's two. This is the one for the single tool comparison, but then for the, but it's going to look the same, but then here's the one for, I just put it in chat for you guys. And here's the one for the platform players.

So we made a couple of decisions along the way. So one of the decisions was to just go with stages. It would have been like a whole nother layer of, okay, if we don't go with just the GitLab stages, the 10 stages, what do we use? That has to be determined, reconciled, all this kind of stuff. 

I don't know how long it's been since we updated. Those pages have not been updated, but we kind of are.

(This file is longer than 30 minutes. Go Unlimited at https://turboscribe.ai/ to transcribe files up to 10 hours long.)